Greetings, esteemed fellow
practitioners! Today, we will together
practice meditation and commemorate the Buddha's virtues. We will
broadcast about the princess eating at the restaurant, and will
guide our fellow practitioners to follow this, so that
our thoughts may be elevated according to the
virtuous practices we have cultivated. We
know that the funeral procession will write about
the things we have done, and the mind of
the son will lead to the end, and the mind of the
stock market will remain there until the end. Then
we will continue our contemplation, focusing our minds on
this case, which is a case of paying
more attention to the practice.
We will do it this way, and for those who are in the lotus position,
we will also follow the subsequent part
of the Lord's mind, focusing on the Lord's mind.
We will do this with both feet on paper, both hands free,
following the direction of the body, relaxing the
whole body, both
feet soft,
back soft,
both hands soft,
stretching the facial muscles,
from the soft stone,
the worker evenly.
When inhaling, know inhaling;
when exhaling, write down the breath.
I see the breath, the
mind's direction towards the funeral. The
monks,
Anh Hanh, hold a bowl,
Anh Dien Huy, Tran The O,
Thong Dong, Tu Tai, the...
Living in the mountains and forests,
in places where ordinary people dislike
me, day or night, I
walk in meditation,
chanting music, the rooster
crows, let's
go to the edge of the forest, the
trend towards the unascended
monk, bowing in reverence, the virtuous Diễm My. My dear, let
us not be able to do it
at Tầm Hoan Hỷ.
Sometimes, I imagine the body being afflicted by the stench
after being taken in - the stench
is the image
when we have received the initial offerings,
when we have been supported by the unascended
monk. He teaches, he all comes from a place where there is a test. This detachment of the word "monk" is born when we see joy when we see the relationship following him, each group of unascended monks. A Tử Tài,
he walks
down, we know that
the word "monk" is practicing,
fighting with the rising heart
when fighting with the land, picking
when snakes,
when snakes and centipedes can be around the
unascended monk. Ah, ah, in some steadfastness,
a will for liberation arises. He is steadfast.
Yes, sister monk has surpassed the Great
Victory,
11 months of
milk, gun, issuing ceremony. Ah, ah,
in the darkness,
walking in the tank,
he can, but fear arises
when death, steadfast
at the end of the mind.  He liberated
himself, overcoming the darkness
by eliminating fear for
11 months.
Yes, so we can perform the rituals
during heavy rains and
thunderstorms. He interwoven the intense
crossword puzzle, silently remaining
alone.
He remained
steadfast
in his practices,
overcoming fear. He achieved the rituals, he witnessed
great blessings, when
the sun shone brightly, on
steep roads, on rough, rocky terrain, for the unwavering ascent,
overcoming
with a powerful will for liberation.
He freed himself from fear
of laziness, having a
background.
See all
for fear
in the
Sangha, food to overcome, when
overcoming fatigue, when overcoming all
that fear,
what to overcome to conquer the temptations
of desires in the
Sangha,
the opportunity to attain the Supreme,
he leads the far-reaching category. He abandoned
self-indulgence,
he went up the high mountain.
Yes, giving up
when using worldly pleasures.
He resided
in the deep forest, a
tooth, he was
happy,
he was happy
when we performed the rituals, yes, yes,
in the
Sangha. He resided in the Dharma of Blessing and Harmony.
Yes, to have the opportunity.  Reaching the Supreme level,
you go to liberation.
Yes, you are virtuous, of the Dharma.
You are in the legal ceremony, I
haven't been punished
in class, I have conquered myself
when I become the Supreme being,
moving according to the Dharma to
call Truc Xinh.
Yes, so that today,
when we are in the ceremony, the
door of repentance, we are in the Supreme
assembly, achieving harmony.
Yes, wishing a Happy New Year, the ceremony, Phat Nguyen,
when considering diligence, submitting,
yes, so that we can stand in the assembly, achieving harmony,
the opportunity to reach the Supreme level.
When we do the parts of the work,
yes, to make them more harmonious
when reporting, yes, to increase diligence, you
also work so that we can be harmonious,
yes, so that we can be diligent in reporting
at the bridge to liberation, our
bodies are light. You are light, the
lady leans on the shell, reaching the Supreme level
when we see our bodies light,
we are at peace. My Tam, we are joyful
when we are in a state of happiness. I am
in a state of
joy, I am happy, they are calm.
Setting presence within us
when
inhaling and exhaling
gently,
for the body and mind to be in half.  Peaceful and joyful, Tho
Tien Thinh, yes,
yes.